and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show I'm your host
Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and if you haven't yet
check out my weekly email where I share
actionable B2B marketing and website
tips useful podcasts free goodies
resources and more to kick off your week
with a bang why not give it a try over
at businessgrowth dot emails
joining me today I've got Daniel
incandella Daniels the CMO over at
reachdesk Daniel welcome to the show
how are you doing sir
hello Sam thanks so much for having me
that was a very impressive introduction
cheers man appreciate it we usually have
a a Pepsi or something like that to Hype
me up just before we hit records I need
that little sugar burst to get it going
we're going to be talking all about how
everyone tuning in listening can Market
themselves Market their business Market
their brand as an authentic company
today so first and foremost Daniel what
does being authentic as a company as a
brand really mean
hmm
I think no matter how you think about a
brand b2c B2B and so on it's it's still
the people behind that
and especially in B2B we're we are
marketing directly to humans and it's
about human relationships so the way I
think about it is that how do you bring
in some humanness some of the company
culture into the way that you're
marketing
so you can give prospects customers
partners and so on a glimpse into what
the company is really like and and that
to me is is the most meaningful type of
marketing you can do
gotcha gotcha so bringing yeah like you
say b2c B2B at the end of the day
there's we're all marketing to humans
we're all trying to to do business with
with other prospects other people
um as many as there are B2B companies
out there that seem to forget that and
love the love the corporate mumbo jumbo
that I often ramble on about on LinkedIn
um when it comes to using jargon when it
comes to actually not realizing who your
prospects are who the customers are
you're talking to
um so with that said how do we what are
some ideas around switching if we think
that our our marketing is not actually
resonating with humans
um and with our Target prospects
what are some of the things that you'd
like to recommend to actually make sure
our marketing is authentic and it is
relatable to the people we want to
attract
you know I think it goes back to the
people behind the brand and and that
starts with your colleagues uh I've been
at reached us now for for almost 10
months
I joined them specifically for the the
humans that work here and and the
culture that they have built that is the
most important thing to me
professionally is to work with with good
human beings around something that we
all believe in
that was evident to me so the the
marketing we do at reach desk
has to capture what what the employees
stand for as individuals but also how it
ties into the company vision
uh values and so on so it starts there
from my opinion if you're not capturing
the voice of the company of your
marketing I think it's a big Miss
and and the other thing to consider is
that
I view all of my colleagues at reachdesk
as as ambassadors for the brand to begin
with so if we're not bringing them along
on this journey as as we build a company
as we build a brand and so on
then that's a huge mistake so step one
for me is always look at
things internally to ensure that you're
capturing what the company stands for
and then align that with how you're
you're going to Market to try and sell
the company the products and so on
gotcha yeah and I want to dive deeper
into how this actually affects your
go-to-market strategy and how this can
then tie into driving revenue for your
business shortly
um what are some good ways in your
opinion Daniel to actually understand
how to how do we go about capturing the
values of our company
how you talk to people that has to be
part of it
[Music]
um
you know our vision
at reach desk is that every business is
loved by their customers employees in
the planet
and so that to me is is a pretty deep
Vision because it transcends
yeah pipeline number or quarterly goals
goes beyond profits right we are trying
to use what we're doing as a company and
and I get to Market gift giving which is
about as good as it gets but we're
really talking about how do we use
gifting to build deeper human
connections
create meaningful relationships but
along the same way how do we do things
like guarantee the success of our
product how do we ensure that we are
operating a way that is not damaging the
planet and when you think about that as
as a vision to me that is something
pretty powerful
and my
my enviable task here is I get to Market
that which is which is a huge challenge
but in the same way it's about as
authenticate as get as it gets because
ultimately we're trying to be a really
good company that takes care of our
customers the planet
uh and ensures people are successful so
that's what I am trying to capture and
and every company you go into is going
to have some form of vision and values
that align to something that goes beyond
just a tagline
or this B2B jargon that you mentioned in
the beginning that is so annoying but
let's just talk like human beings in a
way that people can understand
that ultimately is about building a
relationship and if you're trying to get
too clever or crafty with the message
it's never going to work just be
authentic
yeah yeah I love love the idea of being
clear and and straightforward now in
terms of actually putting together your
brand value so you said talk to your
team talk to your colleagues
should it be mostly geared around them
and our own staff our own team or how
much of a split should it be between
that
what our own goals for the company are
our colleagues our team and then also
our our customers are the I.E what they
want out of the business out of the
relationship is there like a split we we
take or
yeah I I look at it as the the internal
exercise of you know it it it's often
occurred where there may be an internal
cross-departmental working group that is
defining values and and cultural aspects
that's fine I think that's where it
needs to start because it's essentially
defining the DNA of the company
but what's most important and I think
as Paramount here is is it's about the
customer without the customers we are
not a company
we don't get to tell even even greater
stories because that's what we're trying
to help customers do is is be the heroes
on their own Journeys
um we want them to build really strong
connections uh in their own businesses
so it has to be out about the customer
and and ultimately if you're defining
the DNA of the company then that is
going to be your secret weapon in
appealing to the customer because the
customer still wants to do business with
good people they want to have a
connection with
with the sales person or someone in
customer success and so on
yeah because as as remote as we get we
still want to have that human connection
and it's about the culture that we're
building so it is a mixture of certainly
defining the internal DNA but it has to
aligned to what the customer needs and
wants and so on love that I love the the
line you make your customer your hero I
don't know if that was or the hero I
don't know if that was originally from
the book but there's a book called
building a story brand by Donald Miller
yes where that's where I learned about
when I read that a few years back when
it was recommended to me such a great
book for for all all kinds of things on
marketing your website your messaging
your headline it really makes you feel
that everything shouldn't be geared
towards yourself but kind of what the
value you can bring to to your prospects
to your potential customers to your
buyers so you're really focusing on what
do they care about quickly show them
kind of the value prop you bring to the
table and really understand kind of
what's key for them because ultimately
they're the one buying your stuff not
your not yourself
um so it's a really really good book for
for that side of things yeah I love that
book too and I I totally stole it from
that and also Joseph Campbell and any
Star Wars movie it's all about the hero
yeah yeah yeah yeah so with that in mind
have you got any tips for how you can
actually or how your team's extracted
those
that Intel
um around kind of making your customer
the hero what your customer actually
cares about and then kind of getting
that Intel from your customers how you
go about it and then how you leverage
that and your brand values
well I'm fortunate to work at a company
that I think was born out of solving
some of these issues for the customer
and by Founders that had experienced the
exact same pains
right
so I think we we got off to a head start
but but what I do frequently in
marketing web whether it's a branding
exercise entirely new messaging
even bigger campaigns is to gather
feedback and focus groups and that can
be from internal audiences
which is important that always needs to
include external input so
often get feedback directly from
customers on things we are thinking
about whether it's informal of just
email or Zoom or through our customer
Advisory board so that we're
consistently thinking about the customer
as we're developing things and getting
real-time feedback but you can also get
that from partners and analysts and so
on so I think it's it's helpful to
consistently ask for feedback and then
you know I'm fortunate that I also get
to to lead our sales development team
for outbound and inbound and they are on
the front lines every day
discovering if our messaging if our
approach to branding or content and so
on is resonating so getting feedback
from those in audiences that are
actually pitching and getting live
feedback is is sort of a live
five day a week uh focus group for for
marketers too and that's a really
important thing to capture because
otherwise
uh my fear is that
I I end up falling in love with the
wrong message and yeah it really matters
and I see that across lots of software
companies where it's clear that they
they love the the wordsmithing that
they've come up with but it's not
sticking and so I I try to never take
that part for granted
it's so important right I mean like you
say B2B software tech companies are
often guilty of it as well as many other
B2B verticals just
you go on their website for an example
you maybe flick onto their home page or
a couple landing pages you look at their
headlines and you kind of think well
there's a lot of tech jargon here it
looks like they really understand what
they do well but I'm not too sure of the
value they can bring to the table or the
problem they're going to solve for me
and you kind of spend a couple of
minutes on these sites and you're still
none the better or none the wiser rather
how are they going to help you or if
they're actually a good fit for for your
business or your company so yeah working
off of feedback from customers is of
course so so important to make sure your
message is resonating
understand the problems that you're
solving understand the problems your
customers care about solving and their
frustration so then you can of course
make an impact with your outbound motion
or your marketing messaging or whatever
ways you're looking to leverage it now
when it comes to when it comes to um
brand guarantees and when it comes to
your company values Well Company values
first of all before we go into brand
guarantees when it comes to company
values
how do we actually use these like when
it when I think of it in my uh in my
head I kind of think oh it might be some
some messaging on your website or maybe
utilized in some ads and maybe a
branding kit and maybe some promotional
material is that right or is there a lot
more to it than that
uh it should be a lot more to it the the
amount of times
you know what one of the the
measurements I used when interviewing
and ultimately picking reach desk was
did the values that they have on their
website which essentially almost every
B2B company has them on their website
somewhere do those values align with how
people operate and behave and and treat
and
uh I was fortunate on that reach desk
really it really is in their DNA and and
our values are pretty simple one is to
deliver happiness the other is to win as
a team the other one is be bold learn
fast get things done and the other one
is treat people like people
that is
appropriate for all internal projects
but also how we would work with a
prospect a partner a customer an
investor an analyst right
um and so that that becomes you know I
mentioned sort of this internal DNA
earlier this becomes a DNA of how we Act
deliver happiness is about gift giving
and gift giving is one of the the oldest
things that is occurred in human history
it's something that every culture does
across this entire planet
and we believe that gifting will not
only produce business results for you
but it delivers happiness it builds
really strong and meaningful
relationships
and it's a nice surprise in someone's
day when as a team is that we are we're
here for one another but we're here
specifically for our customer to make
them the heroes
uh be bold and learn fast is about
innovating and that's entirely for our
customer and then treat people like
people which is seems like such a simple
thing but
if it goes if we go back to our vision
um
it is about treating humans like humans
and
if we think about division again every
business is loved by the customers
employees in the planet
I think those values align directly to
the vision
but then when we think about some things
that we've rolled out this year things
like brand guarantees that we make to
our customers right our focus on
sustainability
um even the product Innovation where we
are building out greater insights so
that anyone sending a gift can track
measure and show the ROI on the power of
gifting
um this is when we start operating
as our value state
and also start showing an intentionally
authentic and human approach to business
that is beyond just profits the fact is
we really do want our customers to be
heroes and we are willing to show that
in the way that we Act
um and show transparency yeah yeah so it
sounds like these values really reflect
on almost all parts of the business from
internal to external to your customers
and so all different bits and pieces of
the of the puzzle when it comes to when
it comes to business when it comes to
marketing
yep and and the trick is like if if you
look at any company values they will
align in that way it's not much of a
stretch to make them fit in the business
it's whether the team the internal team
is is honoring that and being
intentional in how they integrate that
into what's going to to Market and on
the marketing side we take this very
seriously because
um we all believe that the best type of
marketing is is authentic and has
meaning
gotcha so what exactly are brand
guarantees with that said Daniel you
mentioned them just now what what do
they mean
um we have we have three and we're
continually looking at these to to to
expand but
um
the first one is we we offer guarantees
specifically on return on investment and
and that is we guarantee a 5x Roi on
Pipeline generated by by using our
product that's the first one
um the second one is that we have a
Marketplace guarantee so a Marketplace
is kind of our app store for gifts where
you can go in and pick stuff from all
over the world and
um
if someone can purchase the same gift
from the same supplier at a lower price
we will refund the difference and that
is because we want people to have a very
straightforward easy experience in
picking a gift with us and we're not
going to try and make money off of them
and then the final one is a refund
guarantee and and the fact is we'll
return unused customer funded credit
when when the contract ends
and the reason we did this is because
one we have that much confidence in the
product and the power of gifting I
mentioned the investment in insights and
analytics so we have the data to back
this up
and so
um we want the customer the Prospect and
partner to to know that we are
100 confident in what we can offer them
to make them look like Heroes and also
show the ROI
because gifting or direct mail is not a
nice to have it is an essential channel
to anyone trying to Market
and that could be anything from
generating pipeline
um also tied to customer satisfaction
and renewals
could be used to accelerate the the
sales cycle
and is also about taking care of your
employees so internal gifting
um which can affect MPS scores
internally and and employ retention so
we think that gifting is something much
bigger than it currently is and we
wanted to Showcase these guarantees as a
way of establishing not just the trust
with the customer which show them we're
fully confident in what we do yeah yeah
I mean it sounds like reach desk we've
got some some pretty strong ones when it
comes to the guarantees that you offer
your customers do you think this is
something that's important that all
companies provide do you think companies
can can
go along with without offering these
kind of things to prospects to buyers
really think it's really important for
Revenue growth
um
that's a good question
I think it could take many forms yeah I
I do think that
companies deserve to be
that they should be more transparent
with customers especially around product
capabilities and what it can do for them
uh this is not going to work for for a
lot of companies you know it I I'm
fortunate to work at a place where
um the CEO and the co-founders are
committed to being this type of company
but I think this is rare we
we are as much focused on on growing as
a company as we are as being authentic
and kind and thoughtful it's not always
the case so it works absolutely for
reached us it's not going to work at
other companies
gotcha
and so we've covered quite a bit Daniel
in terms of kind of how you can capture
the values your company how you can go
about doing that
what the company values actually look
like and how they can be useful and
brand guarantees
but how can these then be utilized in
your go to market strategy
we uh so so more specifically around the
guarantees we are we are using them as
part of our
our paid strategy to drive and bound
interest so we're we're running ads uh
touting our RI guarantee as a way of
generating pipeline
um our sales development team and sales
team are using
brain guarantees are focused on
sustainability in any conversations with
prospects and customers
as a way of uh
building connection and also
establishing value
we integrated into the content that we
are writing
we
work with our PR team to ensure that
we're getting the message out
and in our space we also want to be seen
as as innovators and Trailblazers so in
in our space which has
a number of competitors
we're choosing to be the leaders in
things like transparency uh the
guarantees sustainability and so on
and and that becomes a pretty powerful
message whether it's being used for ads
or in Social or PR or blog posts and so
on because
um we want our customers to want to work
with us because of the steps we're
taking that go beyond just
trying to get their business we're
trying to show them too that it's a
company filled with
wonderfully caring humans that that care
about customers the planet and and being
kind and and that to me is is
such an honor to be able to Market that
type of stuff
yeah have you found taking this approach
has had quite a positive impact on the
company's Revenue
um I would say the we're still tracking
that we we debuted this in in Q2 and
we're just about to end Q3
um early indicators are yes it is having
an impact and despite
um what has been a very odd year when it
comes to War and the economy potential
recession oil prices and all of that
stuff we're we're having a really
healthy year
so I would say that it is
early indicators is that it is it is
working
um
but I think it can actually do more
we're still a young company that is
figuring out stuff so I'm actually
excited to see what this can do for Q4
and also next year
yeah good to hear and in terms of these
things that we've discussed Daniel
around being an authentic company around
having brand company values
how often do these things need to be
reviewed is it something your view at
least six months every year every few
years or what's the process
uh I I align this similarly to just
company messaging and my my experience
is that you end up doing company
messaging at least twice a year
you get it done you love it and then you
find yourself six months later changing
it because that's just that's our
industry B2B and and Tech and software
moves very fast sure does yeah you have
to evolve with it and if your message
isn't on point then you're gonna miss
out so this is something that we'll
continue to look at it's you know it's
something that I talk to
a co-founder and cro Alex Ollie
um a lot with these types of things and
we're also not we're not done investing
in in the brand side of things for each
desk I think we've done a great job on
the messaging these guarantees and some
of the other stuff but we're just
getting started on the brand side so I'm
really excited about that but we can't
do that with all without all the things
we've discussed and ensuring that it is
evolving as as our customers do
Daniel that really appreciate the
conversation sir thanks very much for
for coming on the show and sharing
valuable insights tips and and how to's
when it comes to marketing as an
authentic company as an authentic brand
so with that said please do tell us more
about everyone tuning in can connect
with you learn more and anything you'd
like to direct our audience to
all right well um thanks again for
having me this was this was a lot of fun
uh I work for reachdesk so if you go to
reachless.com you can learn more about
that and then you can find me
on the interwebs if you just search
Daniel and Candela thanks very much for
having me
no worries at all we'll put all of those
links over on the show notes at
businessgrowth dot marketing and if you
enjoyed today's episode a quick rating
on your audio podcast Channel or
subscribe on YouTube goes a long way and
with that we should catch you on the
next episode for more no BS actionable
B2B marketing tips and insights cheers
for tuning in